we remember the 17th minute in the
first part when ariel rodríguez
right put the 1 for 0 in favor of the
sports to think that I would find by
the same way or by the same player two
more annotations with the entry of Arabs
with the angle entry they gave him another
time force true to the purple attack here
is the real estelí this was the occasion
clear that the pinolero team had in the
45 minutes that went out to do the
Lorente goalkeeper still do not know
came out to this to try to get out at
player of the saprissa after him
complicated the ball I feel that the
goalkeeper did not give security to his
team
the real mistakes started to fall
in defense this was disarmed if it is
good for the lorente goalkeeper this
another good arrival of jordan the hour
it goes from one state to another air receives
throwing angle
with power so that fit
appear in some geoid lady
the center appeared elegantly
culminating the action
we are talking about your dad erick
Rodriguez the Carthaginian ecuador and
said ariel that that's why he was going to
point it out precisely because he was in
the stand has a long time of not going to
see him at the stadium this man from whom
it was night today in the sports
saprissa with this triplet
the saprissa was blunt from
this moment the real is the real estelí
already totally left in the saprissa the
control and clarity in the match and
ariel rodríguez puts sentence already with the
3 to 0 and this header in the small area
good result for the sporty
saprissa to start this week of
participation for national clubs
with a clear and forceful victory
was the goal of ariel good center
jordan smith
the saprissa had for more in the
commitment
to bulk up much more the eye marker with
this now it seems to me that it fits well into
the Russian party the equal variants
that you have effects ronald gonzález in
the second part with a saprissa that does not
carburaba quite well in the game
but in the end interested and achieve this 3 a
0 forceful